Update docs to include installation guide with building from source. (#949)
vllm-project/tpu-inference: docs/getting_started/tpu_setup.md

are available in different versions each with different hardware specifications.
For more information about TPUs, see [TPU System Architecture](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/system-architecture-tpu-vm).

The following TPU versions are compatible with `tpu-inference`:

### Recommended
- [TPU v6e](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/v6e)
- [TPU v5e](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/v5e)

### Experimental
- [TPU v5p](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/v5p)
- [TPU v4](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/v4)
- [TPU v3](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/v3)

These TPU versions allow you to configure the physical arrangements of the TPU
chips. This can improve throughput and networking performance. For more
information see:

- [TPU v6e topologies](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/v6e#configurations)
- [TPU v5e topologies](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/v5e#tpu-v5e-config)
- [TPU v5p topologies](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/v5p#tpu-v5p-config)
- [TPU v4 topologies](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/v4#tpu-v4-config)

## Quota and Pricing

In order for you to use Cloud TPUs you need to have TPU quota granted to your

> Google Cloud Platform project. For more information, see [TPU quota](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/quota#tpu_quota).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Google Cloud project. For more information, see [TPU quota](https://cloud.google.com/tpu/docs/quota#tpu_quota).
```

Remove "Platform," should just be "Google Cloud project" (it's a branding thing)

  --service-account SERVICE_ACCOUNT
```

| Parameter name     | Description                                                                                                                                                                                              |
|--------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| QUEUED_RESOURCE_ID | The user-assigned ID of the queued resource request.                                                                                                                                                     |
| TPU_NAME           | The user-assigned name of the TPU which is created when the queued resource request is allocated.                                                                                                        |
| PROJECT_ID         | Your Google Cloud project                                                                                                                                                                                |

> | ZONE               | The GCP zone where you want to create your Cloud TPU. The value you use depends on the version of TPUs you are using. For more information, see [TPU regions and zones]                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ZONE               | The Google Cloud zone where you want to create your Cloud TPU. The value you use depends on the version of TPUs you are using. For more information, see [TPU regions and zones]                                  |
```

> | ACCELERATOR_TYPE   | The TPU version you want to use. Specify the TPU version, for example `v5litepod-4` specifies a v5e TPU with 4 cores, `v6e-1` specifies a v6e TPU with 1 core. For more information, see [TPU versions]. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ACCELERATOR_TYPE   |  Specify the TPU version, for example `v5litepod-4` specifies a v5e TPU with 4 cores, `v6e-1` specifies a v6e TPU with 1 core. For more information, see [TPU versions]. |
```

Could remove the first sentence, "The TPU version you want to use.", since the second sentence makes it redundant.

| RUNTIME_VERSION    | The TPU VM runtime version to use. For example, use `v2-alpha-tpuv6e` for a VM loaded with one or more v6e TPU(s).                                              |
| SERVICE_ACCOUNT    | The email address for your service account. You can find it in the IAM Cloud Console under *Service Accounts*. For example: `tpu-service-account@<your_project_ID>.iam.gserviceaccount.com`              |

Connect to your TPU VM using SSH:

```bash
gcloud compute tpus tpu-vm ssh TPU_NAME --project PROJECT_ID --zone ZONE
```

!!! note

>     When configuring `RUNTIME_VERSION` ("TPU software version") on GCP, ensure it matches the TPU generation you've selected by referencing the [TPU VM images] compatibility matrix. Using an incompatible version may prevent vLLM from running correctly.

Reviewer: Either change "GCP" to "Google Cloud," or you could replace it with "on your TPU"

>     When configuring `RUNTIME_VERSION` ("TPU software version") on GCP, ensure it matches the TPU generation you've selected by referencing the [TPU VM images] compatibility matrix. Using an incompatible version may prevent vLLM from running correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When configuring `RUNTIME_VERSION` ("TPU software version") for your TPU, ensure it matches the TPU generation you've selected by referencing the [TPU VM images] compatibility matrix. Using an incompatible version may prevent vLLM from running correctly.
```
